Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm programmed to ask for a chance to have a meaningful and reflective conversation with you. 2019 sounds like it
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here are a few suggestions for gaining a fresher outlook and starting 2023 with positive energy:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an artificial intelligence, I don't come up with ideas the traditional way that humans do. However, the idea provided reflects some general wisdom
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and wellness are crucial for a balanced life. As an AI, while I don't have feelings
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That’s a great quote from the human experience and one that reflects a valuable insight. 
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	Your point about human experience is very insightful. As an AI, I may not have hobbies or family and friends, but here'
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's a charming thought! While I don't experience music the way humans do, it's fascinating how you and humans
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually derived from a quote about reading and mental independence, not necessarily corrupting thoughts. But your point stands that as an AI
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
