Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 The holidays have been very stressful for me and I guess I just don't have much time with friends and family because of work too.
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 It's a very hard year for people with family and friends.  It's time to be selfish and have fun while you can
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 How did you help the people that have been stressed out this year?
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 It's a great idea and that's good advice for all the people who have time with their family and friends. I will definitely start that now and
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 It started with some work experience I did with a company that dealt with mental health. A great resource and a great person to have on your
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 Yeah mental health and the family are always one of the first things that need to be addressed after work life balance. How did you do with your
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great to hear that you have such a great experience with your company and that you are very happy there.     What else have
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 I am doing well, thank you. It's very much so about that, and family - I think. Friends have been the only thing
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
