Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you've had a positive and balanced time this past year. Reflecting back can sometimes help recognize and appreciate
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Set Clear and Achievable Goals:** Identify what you're passionate about for new resolutions. Break them
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Here's how the idea could work out for you: 
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is a critical component for overall well-being. In the context of new year resolutions that help with this,
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a great quote from Tim Ferriss, the self-help author and entrepreneur. It highlights the importance of setting goals that
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer, setting personal and professional goals that focus on mental health can create a balanced life. Here are some suggestions
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Thank you for that music spotlight! 🎶 Definitely, here's how you can work mental health into your new year resolution
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	I understand your perspective, John Nash's life and work indeed bring a unique point about originality and personal challenges. However, reading books can
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
