Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a favorable and reflective time with family, friends, and work balance! As for why I ask,
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Celebrate and Appreciate:** Start with reflecting on what you're thankful for. Good resolutions
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an AI, I don't come up with ideas the way people do. Instead, this idea reflects some common resolutions that help
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and work-life balance have been the hot topics for some time with their significant impacts on one's life quality
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote from the Thought for the Life community is actually one that's been shared and appreciated many times on human mental health platforms. It reflect
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't one right answer here as this reflects the myriad ways people strive for mental health and work-life balance. What
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's right! Music and hobbies that you enjoy are great for mental health and work-life balance. They help with stress relief,
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually a quote about the potential for books and ideas to corrupt original thoughts when not challenging one's own beliefs. What
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
