Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 Well it seems you have been very good with your work and friends this year! 
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 I don't have one, but the new year resolutions for 2019 are very simple and you can get help with it online
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Good idea for sure. How did you feel with the year that you have been having?
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I think I have been the one that has been trying for this idea, and I was the one that thought of it, but I guess you did
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 Yes. That is true that mental health is so important for community. We all need to get on with one another. How you think about this idea
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 Yes for sure I agree with that and you know the work life balance. The world now a days is so busy it is hard to think about family
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's the right spirit! I think that this thought may be more important than you would think with all the work and life we have around us
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 that's a great point about the busy work life and how things are changing, family and friends play a big role in happy thoughts and that keeps you
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
