Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask you to reflect with you because sharing and thinking back on your experiences can often provide closure or new perspectives. Even favorable years have
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	I'm glad you're considering how to look ahead with renewed perspective! Here are several strategies you might explore for a fresher out
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I guess you've got the seed idea and I think with some development, this could become an interesting new year practice that people could benefit from.
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health plays a critical role in our overall well-being. The practice you're suggesting could help people reflect on the
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually a quote from the movie "The Pursuit of Happyness" starring Will Smith. It's a great
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There may not be a right answer per se, as personal fulfillment and happiness are very subjective. What you've outlined with family
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely! It's great to hear that you appreciate music's role in life and spirituality. 🎶 Music can
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	It's interesting that you mention John Nash here. While music and reading books can indeed influence one's thoughts and spirituality differently, they both
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
