Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 I'm happy for you. The holidays seem so far out but when they get closer they fly by. Whats been going on this year
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 I've had a lot of health issues this year and life is too overwhelming so for me I guess it just feels like 2019 is the beginning
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Well, my family life has been crazy and I had to get a lot of things that are not my style. But I guess if they are in
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I am sorry to hear that. What kind of health issues? I was watching the show and it came to mind, that if the people in it
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 I think so to.. I hope this helps people
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 I have some mental health issues.  I have PTSD, but I've learned that the right combination of meds help a lot!
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 He had a heart attack. I'm trying to find new activities to keep his spirit strong while he's gone.
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 Music is a great coping skill and helps me through a lot of my tough times.
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
