Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a positive time with family and friends and managed work life balance. Life reflects back for deeper analysis and understanding
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	To get a fresher outlook for 2020 and beyond, you might consider the following strategies:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an AI language model, I don't have personal experiences or the ability to think and come up with ideas individually. However, this idea
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Indeed! Mental health and well-being have been the focal points for many people this year. Here are some strategies that you can
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote and it's true that experience does help in fully appreciating the challenges and how to work with them. 
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't one right answer to this, as the strategies for mental health and well-being are highly individual. What works for one
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	1. Finding joy in music and hobbies that you're passionate about can be very therapeutic. 2
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting and quirky quote about reading! John Nash, though not usually associated with this saying, actually was a brilliant mathematic
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
