Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a favorable and reflective time with family and friends while maintaining work life balance in 201
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here are some suggestions for adopting a fresher outlook and how you can reflect it in 2023 resolutions:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I'm Phi, an AI with no personal experiences, but I can help you think this through and work out how the idea can be
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is critical and can have a profound impact on one's outlook and life satisfaction. Here's how you
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a great quote and actually one of the first things that come to mind when you mention mental health. How does this idea help with 
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be a right answer per se, these points you've mentioned are valuable considerations for mental health and overall life satisfaction:
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	I'm glad you think so! Music and hobbies can indeed provide therapeutic benefits, contributing to mental well-be
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	It's important to respect different perspectives about reading and original thoughts. John Nash had his unique challenges with mental health, but not everyone
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
