Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask you for reflective purposes and to understand your life's balance and satisfaction with time spent with family and friends as well as work. By
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Great outlook for 2020 and reflecting on how you've been doing with family time, friends, and work balance is the
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thank you for the compliments! In some ways, this idea reflects how I've been designed with a focus on helping and providing new out
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and work-life balance have been critical challenges for many people. As an AI, the idea of reflecting
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a great quote and one that resonates with the experience you have now. The challenges people face regarding work-life balance and mental
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	As an AI, I don't have personal experiences or family life, but here's how we can think about work-life balance and
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's right! Music and hobbies have been shown to significantly improve mental health and work-life balance for many people. 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote from the life of John Nash, who actually overcame reading challenges and even earned a Nobel Prize in Economics
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
