Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Its been going well. I'm so thankful for my daycare and nannies! How has your day been going?
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 Good for you! My day was going well thanks and the holidays were great with the family. How about your's?
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I am good but the cough has been going around with sick kids! I'm just happy for you and your healthy holidays!
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm the same way that's for sure. I also have to stay healthy but also want to be with the family and relax. There was just
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes that is very true and a lot of the festive holidays have been cancelled but some I'm going to be home for
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I can relate the smells and lights of Christmas tree that have been set up for Christmas eve can tempt you to want one too.
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I just think that the experience of buying and decorating the tree and having the smells from the air around Christmas morning is one of the very
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 that's the one thing I like too but they just have not the same spirit and Christmas lights
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
