Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm here to have a conversation with you and understand your experiences or opinions. Reflecting on your favorable year can provide insights or
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	A fresher outlook for the upcoming year can be achieved through several reflective and forward-thinking strategies:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an artificial intelligence, I don't have personal experiences. However, I can help you come up with new ideas. Here are some ways to
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Indeed, mental health is an important aspect that affects many people's lives. Here are some ways for a fresher outlook, considering mental
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote resonates with many experiences from the workplace. Indeed, mental health is crucial and here are some strategies we could consider for the
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there isn't a single right answer that fits everyone, here are some additional strategies to consider for maintaining a healthy mental state in
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely, music and spirituality are powerful tools for mental well-being. Here are a few more strategies to consider:
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting perspective, but reading and exploring new ideas can actually be quite beneficial for mental health. It can help with cognitive
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
