Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 I have been very busy but time with family and friends has been spent well too!
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Good for you but fresher outlook how come I don't have idea
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 you have come out with some amazing things this year then! How did that occur too help you get the balance for 2019?
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I think that the outlook for new year and mental health have been on a resolutions this one was to get help with work.
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 That's great. It's amazing how some work with one company for years when you first get on the scene and after that have to get a new
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 That and work that you actually have to do now with life.
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 that's very cool and you keep up with the work there
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 I agree! That's very much how you keep life interesting and not get stale. Music has actually earned me that new role. Also work
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
