Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 for me too, but things have been very hectic and stressful with work life balance and family time is really hard to balance. you?
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Great time to reflect back on things and work out how you can help people get theirs resolved too for 2019. 
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 I think you have to be more aware that this too shall pass.
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 This idea is one that have been around for the last year and some years, since people get this idea but with their new year they will be health
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 Yes that is very true. That and the mental health care for the disabled
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 That quote about mental health and life in general always makes me think that the right amount of practice and work may help you with some stuff, but there
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's so great that you agree with the company and their work. It sounds like you're very spiritual!
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 That's not how I think about life that much and that's why I think I may actually have some mental health issues. I am usually very busy
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
