Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 I too have been very busy with life and work but spent time with friends and family too.
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Good for you!  I have been very busy with work and family as well but things have been going well and 2019 will not be a year
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Well that seems very responsible and you have some selfless work ethic. How did you make the new year go with it?
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 Thats great! Well my idea was for the community to help out one another and think of new things that they can start doing to improve their health and
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 That is the idea, I have been with this company for 10 yrs now and work very hard at it, that has paid off. I think
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 I think new friends and family are the most valuable people to have for you
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's very inspiring for you and congratulations with that. This is one of the big things about work life, it's all about
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 Me too and I've found that's not always so easy. What kind of music do you like?
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
