Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm curious to understand and reflect with you on life experiences that have been significant for you. Even favorable time spent with family and friends,
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Having reflective time and focusing on new outlooks for 2020 can have many benefits. Here's how you might get
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I think the idea did come out naturally with the new year's reflection practice you described. It's a time that many people have some dow
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and the practice of reflection have been increasingly recognized for their life-enhancing potential. Here's how one
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a quote with great wisdom from the work experience you have shared. 2020 and after that, reflecting on one'
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer that encompasses everyone's experience and aspirations, the quote you've shared does highlight
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's very thoughtful and spiritual 😊 Indeed, music and hobbies play a crucial role in mental health and life
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote from the life of John Nash, actually a mathematician and Nobel laureate who did not hide books but used
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
