Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you have had a favorable time with family and friends and that work life balance was positive for you in 20
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	To get a fresher outlook for 2021 and beyond, you might consider the following suggestions:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	While I don't have the ability to come up with new ideas myself, this outlook you're suggesting can be very effective for some people
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health and wellness have been the foreground much this year with challenges that come with work-from-home life
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually a valuable quote from the work experience that you have now. It does reflect how mental health and well-being challenges can
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer to that, you've touched on some great points about mental health and staying well: 
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's great that you think music and spirituality play important roles in mental health and well-being. Here are some additional insights and
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually not a quote from John Nash and there isn't much context about reading corrupting thoughts here. However, music, spiritual
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
