Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm curious and interested in hearing about life's experiences for you. Even favorable years have things that can teach us or reflect on our
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Set Clear and Achievable Goals:** Start with outlining your resolutions in clear terms. Rather than saying
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I don't have personal life experiences but I can help you with the idea and how to implement it. 1. **Set Clear and Ach
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Indeed, mental health is very important and often challenging for many people. By encouraging the practice of setting clear resolutions with a reflective out
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote from the 990s does have some valuable wisdom when you think about it now with experience and time. Sounds like you'
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't one right answer when it comes to life and work balance, as this greatly depends on individual preferences, values, and circumstances.
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music and spirituality can indeed work very well together, with music inspiring thoughtfulness, reflection, and even playful exploration. 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	It's not about corrupting thoughts but exploring and challenging them that books usually offer. 
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
