Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 well it has been going. thanks for asking
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 I was sick for 2 weeks and I just want to relax with the holidays as well.
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm well and the holidays were just around the corner, but you're right, relaxing is the healthy thing to do with your whole
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm happy for you! That's too bad that you have the bug but I also know that holidays come around and sometimes you just want
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes, the holidays and Christmas time were very relaxing with my family.  I was ecstatic.
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I know the lights and tree was for every one but it smells like that Christmas fertilizer which smells bad to some.
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I think the fake one was more relaxing to me, but then Christmas has just been that way for as long as I can remember, with and
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I know the smell and can not wait for Christmas but have some trees in my house that I think will last a very long time.  
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
