Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Good day for me! How was your day today?
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 There has been a bug going around the office, and I just got over it for now.  How was your day?
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm better now and you for the well wishes! I know the holidays can definitely be a lot of work, but just stay positive
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm happy for you too that you stay home and relax with the family. 
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes, I was very happy to have the day off and got some extra Christmas lights put up for everyone
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I have some fake Christmas tree that lights up the entire house, like one you can get for every room! I was so happy I could get one
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 Christmas lights are the most decorative and just for that reason, one of my favorite holidays. I like having them every year but was
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I like Christmas more than the store's and with fake ones it just smells good all year round
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
