Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 I experienced something very tough this year too. My life is pretty hectic and work has been stressful but for the first time this year I
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Great to have a fresh new year to reflect on for that. I guess you are happy that things turned out well and you had a great year.
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Hi, that's awesome! I think the important thing is to keep focused on you and not get too carried away. It's really easy to
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 Good idea. I also think so, so I've been telling everyone that this year I'm gonna do some volunteer work for the homeless people
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 It was from the work of a friend actually. I think he's a great business person! He's been working hard.
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 Oh wow that's great!  It's about time you start and work for yourself. I agree that mental health is very important as well! That
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great! Good on you. We should all do this every once and a while.  A lot of times people are more than happy to
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 Yes. He was a great mentor to me in getting my start. I think the right attitude for that has been hard work, and the desire
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
