Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 The holidays have been very hard for me too and things are looking much better than ever but it's always hard to be in a situation you
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Great! It's been a very busy year for you then? I guess just have to get out of your head and try new things
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Good for you that things have been going well. the hardest day of year is almost here
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I think you have the right idea with that one. Sounds like you've been great for thinking this far out. How come things have been better for
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 I think so too. It's the same with work, you have to practice to get better and when you do you are great. It actually helps
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 That quote sounds about right and you are exactly right about mental health! I think that's one of the big challenges with life in general now a
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's so awesome to hear. I agree about work you have to stay motivated and keep that fire lit for sure. What type of company do
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 Well that's the thing about life right, you have to learn to adapt to it and stay happy. I actually read this book from a mental health
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
