Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Pretty well, thanks for asking! I'm just watching a movie and relaxing a bit before I have more important stuff to do. How about you
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 Yeah, better stay healthy for the holidays and you're going to relax with your family. I'm just hanging out with my sister at home
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 well I am going to the beach for the holidays and hope to relax with my family but stay healthy
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I have holidays with my sister too. How wonderful, we just got a home for the first time and we are going over for the four
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes it can be a very lonely holiday and I know that's why some people travel for the holidays which is sad.
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 How come you and your family decided to visit for the holidays? I am glad that you have some real trees and artificial lights now
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I was very torn between the two too but I just like that Christmas tree smell and decorating it for the holidays too much.
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I was torn the entire month between Christmas and New Year's Day, but we decided to go with the real tree. Its not that bad
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
