Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm curious to learn more about you and reflect with you on 2019. Even for someone who normally doesn't ponder
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Reflecting on 2019 and how you've experienced favorable outcomes with family, friends, and work life balance is a
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an artificial intelligence, I don't have personal experiences or reflect back. But the idea you're bringing up is interesting and it does help
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health and the human experience encompasses challenging but rewarding aspects that you've outlined for 2
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a great insight from your experience! 10 years with the company now, and you agree that work can have its challenges but
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	That quote from the first company experience you shared reflects very well on work life balance and personal fulfillment after 10 years with that company
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's right! 🎶 Adding music and hobbies does enrich life with work experience. It's great how you
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	I'm here to help and provide you with information based on the topics you're interested in. While reading books from various thinkers and writers
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
