Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 Not much too reflect with work but family life. But I have been very busy as well and things going okay
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 Good! and you just get out there and have a new year with how much you enjoy life!
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 I have the same question too. How does one get out that door when you are too exhausted and don't have anything to offer people.
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 Well, I thought that people don't have the potential or mental health for it and this was one of the few things that can help them out to
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 That's the thing!  I don't get out much but when I do I work with people and I guess after a while you just think that
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 It's so important to stay healthy and keep up with your mental health, that's why there are multiple mental health professionals you can talk to
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great that you have found meaningful work and a family to play a role in life! How long have you been there?
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 I agree. I do not stay in much but that's because my family and life with friends keep me busy. I do think hobbies are the
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
