Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm interested in hearing about your experiences and reflecting back with you can often highlight things that have been particularly significant for personal growth and happiness.
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Great outlook for 2020 and reflecting on how things have been can help you understand what's truly important to you, which
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Well, the idea came naturally with my design to help and provide meaningful engagement. I've been programmed to think and assist you,
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and personal well-being have become critical issues. Reflecting on one's experiences with the help of some
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	This actually reflects the human experience beautifully. As you have now been with various experiences for 5 years, this quote resonates with your idea
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer that applies to everyone's experience with family and friends for staying happy, the quote you've shared
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Indeed, music and the arts have a unique way of touching our hearts and lifting our spirits. Here's how you could expand on that
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an intriguing quote from the life of john Nash and quite thought-provoking. Books have indeed been a great medium for
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
