Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm curious and ask reflective questions to understand you better and have an engaging conversation with you. 2019 sounding like
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Set Specific Goals:** Begin with clear and achievable objectives for the year. Instead of vague resolutions like "get
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an AI, I don't come up with new ideas personally but reflecting the potential for this idea does help me better understand and eng
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and well-being have become increasingly important for the community's focus this year. How does one think you
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote actually comes from the work experience you've shared with me. Thinking back now, mental health and striving for balance have been
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	The exploration you've outlined reflects valuable life strategies that contribute to mental health and work-life balance. 
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	1. That's great to hear and music does have that universal appeal that can lift spirits and improve mental health for many people. What role
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually not the quote from John Nash. What you may be referring to is this thought, usually about how reading and education play significant roles
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
