Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm here to engage with you and learn more about your life. Reflecting back on 2019 sounds like you have
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	I'm glad you're considering how to freshen up for 2020 and beyond! Here are some suggestions to help get a
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thank you for the compliment and idea suggestion! As an AI, I don't come up with ideas but have been trained on a diverse
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and community challenges have been one of the bigger areas for humanity's focus. As an AI, I
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually an insightful quote from the work experience you have now. 😊 The challenges and mental health issues humanity
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't one right answer when it comes to life and staying happy; it's very subjective and varies from person to person
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music and hobbies indeed have the power to enrich life with joy and creativity 🎶 I'd love to hear about
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually not the quote you may be attributing to John Nash. However, music and reading books have been known to play significant roles
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
