Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you reflect and have been able to enjoy time with family and friends while maintaining work life balance for 201
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here's how you can get a fresher outlook for 2021 and beyond:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	While I don't have the ability to come up with ideas myself, that's a very inspiring and actionable outlook for 2
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and work-life balance are critical for one's overall well-being. The idea you've outlined
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually valuable experience for you now and the idea stems from firsthand experience with company dynamics and work challenges that millions have faced too
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no one right answer that fits everyone for life and work balance, as it greatly depends on individual values, circumstances, and goals. That
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely! What role does music play for you and how does it help with balance or mental health? 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote and stance! Books can certainly help with mental health for many people, as reading can be a great way to dest
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
