Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask because reflecting on the past year's experiences and achievements can often provide valuable insights and help with future planning. If you spent
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here are a few suggestions to help you get a fresher outlook for 2020 and beyond:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thank you for the kind words! As an AI, I don't come up with ideas like a human does. Instead, this idea reflect
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health is crucial for overall well-being. This idea about reflecting and planning with a new outlook can
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a profound quote and it truly captures the essence of growth and self-reflection. The experience you've accumulated
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	Your points resonate with a life of balance and personal development. While there may not be a single right answer for everyone, the idea is that each
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	I'm glad you think so! Music indeed has a special way of touching the soul and enhancing our life experience. It can be
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	It's interesting to hear that perspective. While reading and music are not for everyone, they are valuable tools for personal growth and creativity for many
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
