Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask because reflecting on the past year, including both challenges and positive aspects, can offer us valuable insights. It helps us to appreciate
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Fostering a fresher outlook often involves a combination of self-reflection, embracing new perspectives, and setting positive intent
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thank you for the kind words! I didn't exactly come up with a specific idea but have been contemplating and observing human behavior and
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is crucial. Encouraging self-reflection, embracing change, and setting positive intentions can
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a lovely quote! It's insightful how your personal experience now resonates with the concept. Your journey seems to have given
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	Although there isn't a right or wrong answer to what contributes to a happy and fulfilling life, the points you've mentioned are
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear that. Music indeed has a special way of touching the soul and enhancing our well-being. It
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	I understand where you're coming from, and it's important to maintain one's original thoughts. However, literature often provides new perspect
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
