Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask you to reflect and share your experiences for a couple of reasons: 
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Self-Reflection:** Look back on the year with an open and nonjudgmental attitude. Consider how you spent time
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thanks for the positive feedback and for suggesting this idea! 
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and self-reflection are crucial for personal growth and well-being. Here's how you could think
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	Your quote reflects the wisdom you've gained from experience. That is an important realization. 
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no right answer for this as self-reflection and life balance are very personal. What you've outlined are excellent starting points
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music and spirituality indeed have the power to elevate our mental health and enhance self-reflection. 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting perspective. However, original thoughts and ideas often come from reading and exploring the experiences of others. John Nash's work
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
