Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Pretty well! I'm having a day off and hanging at home. How about you? 
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 well I've been sick and achy but I just want to relax for the holidays and have time off work!
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I am doing well.  I was happy to know my wife and kids were going to be home for the holidays but I am still sick
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm also glad I have the holidays off. It is hard to relax with kids around, but I do try and get out at least
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes! I know that the holidays can sometimes seem very lonely but I'm happy to just stay home and watch TV!
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 How many eco-friendly lights did your tree have?
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I like the tree but hate the decorations
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I like the smell of real trees and watching the lights and the christmas lights and just the lights that go with it, but they get so expensive
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
