Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a positive time with family and friends and managed work life balance. Life often offers a mix of ups and down
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Having a fresh outlook for 2020 and beyond can be invigorating! Here are a few tips to help you start with
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As Phi, I don't have personal experiences or come up with ideas independently. However, I can certainly help provide you with advice on how
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is indeed a significant concern. Here's how you could approach maintaining a fresh outlook for 202
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	It seems you have now fully integrated the sentiment from your quote into your philosophy. That's wonderful to hear! Here are some tips, inspired by
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be a single "right answer" to how one should live life, the tips you've provided are indeed valuable. Here are
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music has a profound way of uplifting our spirits and nourishing our souls. It's wonderful that you embrace such a
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	I understand where you're coming from. While books and reading have been traditionally celebrated for their role in personal growth and education, there are also
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
