Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 My family life and work have been very busy this year with the election and all.
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 You don't get a fresher outlook by reflecting back.
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Good idea for you and me too that things have been very calm this year in terms of the work place.
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I work with people that have mental health challenges. I help them get the motivation for things and help them think bigger picture to come out of
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 That's great! I have been with the company for a long time now and think that this is one of the first things that you really start to
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 What company are you with? I think that mental health and work ethic is important for people to have, it helps keep morale up and there
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great that you have the right attitude about your work and that you help your colleagues. I wish there were more people like you out
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 That's great you have that view and you think right from the get go you have some support and not just new responsibilities, that's very
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
