Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 Just life and work balance have been very much back and forth for me with too long but things are looking up now
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 I don't have much fresher outlook but things get better with time and you learn how to manage life.
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 that is very positive
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I have been through the mental and emotional challenges you are facing. Thats how I think this idea came out of the subconscious!
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 That quote actually came from the work of one of my friends when he and his family was facing mental health challenges after he was in a very difficult
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 It's that life experience you get from the work and family you have right? That's valuable.
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's interesting and you may have a very good point there actually, that's a thoughtful one from this quote. What would you think about the
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 That is very much the case, and that's not usually the thoughtful people we think about when making quotes around here. Whats the quote
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
