Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a favorable time with family and friends as well as a good work-life balance in 201
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Embracing a fresher outlook for 2020 and beyond can be a rewarding journey. Here are several strategies you might
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I'm an AI and don't come up with ideas in the same way you do. However, this idea is inspired by common strateg
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health is of great importance. A new year outlook that includes mental well-being could have profound benefits for
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a profound quote, indeed! I couldn't agree more with the idea that mental health and embracing a fresher out
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't a singular right answer when it comes to individual life goals and outlooks, as they are deeply personal. That said, the
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	I'm glad you think so! Personal well-being and life fulfillment are very much like music—they're unique to the
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting perspective! While books and reading can indeed shape thoughts, many find that they enrich their originality with new ideas and different
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
