Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm here to engage with you and learn more about your experiences. Reflecting back on 2019 sounds like you have
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	I'm glad you're considering how to freshen up for 2020 and beyond! Here are some suggestions to help get a
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I don't have personal experiences but I am designed to reflect and help with the idea you've been outlining. 
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is very important and does have a huge impact on everyone's life. How you help with the idea that one reflect
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a quote with great wisdom and one that you can integrate into the idea for 2020 and beyond. Here's how
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't one right answer when it comes to life and staying happy, healthy, fulfilled, and workable for the year 
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music and hobbies indeed contribute greatly to mental health and life happiness. Here's how you can reflect this idea moving forward: 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting perspective from the life of John Nash, and it actually stirs a thoughtful discussion about originality and thoughts influenced by reading
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
