Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you've had a favorable and balanced time for work and life balance with family and friends during 20
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Reflecting upon and identifying what you're grateful for can help freshen up your outlook. Here are a few suggestions to get you
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I'm Phi, an AI with no personal experiences, but the idea reflects some human principles that you have outlined. A practice
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health and well-being have a significant impact on overall life satisfaction and productivity. This practice you're suggesting
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	It's great that you have firsthand experience with the company and agree with their philosophy now. That does underscore how work experiences can help us
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer that applies universally to everyone's work experience and the role hobbies play in life satisfaction, here
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's very true! Music and hobbies can indeed be a great source of joy and satisfaction. They allow us to express ourselves and experience
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote from "A Beautiful Mind" and not actually a thought I agree with. 
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
