Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask because reflecting on the past year can provide us with valuable insights and appreciation for our experiences and growth. It's nice to
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here are a few suggestions for getting a fresher outlook and setting yourself up for success in 2020:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I might have been a bit too literal with the interpretation. I'm glad you liked the idea. Here are some expanded and structured steps that
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health awareness and support are critical. Reflecting on the past with a fresh outlook can be particularly beneficial
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a great quote and a profound reflection. Learning from the past with a constructive mindset can indeed help us in the pursuit
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no one-size-fits-all answer to finding life satisfaction, as it's a deeply personal experience. However, here
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Indeed, music and the arts have a unique way of touching our souls and enhancing our well-being. If you're
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	While the quote you've shared about John Nash and original thoughts touches on an interesting perspective, it's also worth noting that reading and
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
