Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Hey thanks for asking. How has your day been?  I just ate, and it felt so good.
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 That's the plan for you and your healthy wellness. Glad you're better! How was the holidays with grandma? I hope you
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm the plan for holidays and relaxing myself but was just sick yesterday with a bad cough and you know what's the worse is
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm glad you're better too but the holidays with your family sound lovely and relaxing. My family is just me, myself,
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 I know the holidays can be very tiresome and that's why you have to take some time for yourself too! Yes but at least
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I know the holidays can have that torn between festivity and health which one do you want? Buying fake lights was very
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I think that was the very thing that I remember and not having Christmas with out for almost 2 month, but then decorate every year myself from
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I think that was the smart choice, but they have very good deals out and fake trees are often more affordable than real tree's these days
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
