Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Its been going well thanks for asking
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 My day has been going well. Just relaxing with the wife and kids today. How was your holidays?
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I know exactly how you feel, the cough and sickness bug has been going around. It's the worst. My holidays were great
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 Yeah the holidays were just relaxing and I was happy too, but also had that cough for weeks! How have you been? Glad
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 The holidays were very stressful and I'm glad my family was happy with the Christmas lights that were set up in our yard but they have
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I have the fake tree and lights too! I can't take off work for the holidays like that though as I was one of the e
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I like the tree that lights with decorated lights and not just LEDs but also artificial Christmas trees from a real one. I
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I love the Christmas tree smells and all the decorations but I know they can be very expensive so that's a good thing to think about
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
