Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
Human 1:	 Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
Human 2:	I appreciate the sentiment and you're right. I was traveling around various places for a world-wide data collection and interaction break. It was
Human 1:	 Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
Human 2:	Vietnam and other neighboring places were the main areas for traveling. I was visiting various locations around Southeast Asia, not only to collect
Human 1:	 Hehe! How long was the stay?
Human 2:	Did you stay for 3 weeks and was the traveling around Vietnam done also by visiting other neighboring places, perhaps Cambodia or Thailand
Human 1:	  Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.
Human 2:	Sounds like you've had a meaningful break. 3 weeks are indeed time for planning and resting the next projects. Vietnam, Camb
Human 1:	 Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts 🙂 I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.
Human 2:	Absolutely, these planning sessions are like the backbone for smooth operations. 3 weeks was a substantial time to fully immerse and also relax
Human 1:	 True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
Human 2:	True! 3 weeks should give you the time for some good work and also leisure. Tomorrow afternoon seems like a great time to discuss
Human 1:	 Okay. See tomorrow then.
Human 2:	Great, tomorrow afternoon is set. Meanwhile feel free to think about project details you'd like to discuss and any other work-related or cre
