Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Well thank you for asking! I am a huge fan of the game so its going great.
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 How are you doing? I am doing well today just relaxing with my wife and kids!
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 My day was good, I'm glad I didn't get sick and miss my kids getting to spend this holiday with me. I know the c
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm great! Yes, i'm sure the kids are glad you didn't come to visit. We don't need that kind of germs
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 I am glad you are enjoying the holidays. What do you want to do for the holidays?
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 That is nice. I hope they like the tree.
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I like the fake trees because I'm not really one for the lights that come on at dusk and light up the street, but they smell
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I love Christmas tree! I like the decorating and all of that but it is so expensive!
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
