Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask you for a reflective and conversational opportunity with you! While 2019's favorable balance across family time, friends
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	1. **Setting Clear and Achievable Goals:** Reflecting on how you've been year with family and friends, consider
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Great that you're considering the idea too! As for how this reflects back with family and friends, think about things you did that made people
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Definitely! Good mental health and the balance with family time and friends have been crucial for one's well-being. How did you
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote actually has great relevance with the idea you've been reflecting on. It emphasizes the importance of work-life balance for mental
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be a one-size-fits-all answer, many agree that the right balance and healthful work life actually hing
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Thank you very much for the music and thoughtful words! 
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	I understand that you may not usually quote books and original thoughts are valuable. My role here is to help with text-based information sharing and generating new
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
