Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask because reflecting back on a year and acknowledging favorable experiences can have many benefits for you too. It's an opportunity for personal
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Absolutely, reflecting on the year's favorable outcomes and how you have achieved balance with family and friends as well as work life
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	As an AI language model, I don't have personal experiences or the ability to come up with new ideas independently. However, this idea reflect
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Indeed, mental health and the balance between work, family, friends, and self-care are crucial for human well-being. This idea
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually insightful for the community. This quote from your experience illustrates how valuable work-life balance and mental health awareness have
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no one right answer, as the balance and management of work, life, and mental health are very personal and can differ from one individual
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely right and music's the life 🎶 Also very thoughtful! That's spot on—music and hobb
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	John Nash's quote about reading and original thought is actually from the 2002 film "A Beautiful Mind." The idea you seem to
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
