Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Well your day has been going well I hope!  I just finished watching a movie on the beach for the day, how are you?
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 Sorry you were sick and well, just want to hear your plan for the holidays!
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm better but the cough has been going around, and thanks for asking! I know you are sick also, but holidays just keep
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I have travel but the holidays were too busy for me. But that's okay with me. How you been?
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 I know that's right and some folks just have the Christmas lights on at home which makes it better too for them but not me. How was your
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 the coughs and pets can make holidays very tedious that's for real. but we have a fake tree and some color
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 I just like the fresh trees that smell and not from a tree farm but out of the tin cans, it is very festive.
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I like the real tree just for the smell and lights but they don't have Christmas trees every year, that was the only thing good with them.
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
