Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you have had a favorable time with family and friends and that work life balance was positive for you in 20
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	To get a fresher outlook for 2021 and beyond, you might consider the following suggestions:
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	While I don't have the ability to come up with new ideas myself, this thought process reflects some very human and practical strategies that you
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and work-life balance are essential for overall well-being. Encouraging people to reflect on their 
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's a very insightful quote you stumbled upon from Thoughtless Lives. It does have some profound meaning when one reflects
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer that applies to everyone, this exploration highlights the importance of personal balance and fulfillment. Here are
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's right! What you're sharing here does resonate with the idea that life and work should be about balance and happiness. Music and
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	Even with that perspective, music and books have the power to inspire thoughts and originality in new ways. They're not corrupting but
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
