Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask you for reflecting back and sharing your positive experiences with family and friends, as well as work life balance, because it's always insight
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Gaining a fresher outlook for 2020 and beyond can be very beneficial. Here's how you might get started with
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Great that you're excited about the idea! Here's how this could work out for 2020 and beyond:
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health and work life balance have been at the forefront for this year and with great challenges come new insights.
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's very insightful and the quote actually reflects some wisdom that experience with work life challenges have brought you. How does one strive
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there may not be one right answer that applies to everyone's experience with work life and mental health challenges, here are some valuable approaches you
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely music and hobbies can be great for mental health and work life balance 🎶🎼 They're
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually not what John Nash thought about reading books. John Nash, the mathematician with schizophrenia who inspired the movie
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
