Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 well been a long day for the both of us but just finished a meeting and now heading out to the bar.
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 Hi how you been today?  and just for your information the day has just begun with more bad news for me :( I am going to miss
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I've been doing well. I'm relaxing after the holidays just like you and going for a short run with my dog.
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I have also been going to the bar and just had too many drinks myself. How was your holidays?
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 I know, I hate that too especially when you have family to visit and want the holidays to just be for the kids which I have no
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 Yes that's the worst. I like eco-friendly stuff and fake tree too but when it lights up its too much for me. I
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 the eco-friendly one is real but not fake like that for sure.
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I remember when my folks used to have real trees. I'm with you - they just smelled too good and was so pretty when Christmas morning came
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
