Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 I have been pretty busy with life and work too but things have been very good for me.
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 You can get a fresher outlook with work and how much you have been doing
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Good you have been doing very well with that, this year has been one for the people, and family too. 
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 I know you are busy with work, but think that the idea is great for you and your family, how did you come up with this project.
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 The idea came from the company that did the work for my company actually. That way everyone is happy.
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 that's great you have experience with work and life balance i think this year has been a real struggle for me
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great that you got this work from and it may lead to new opportunities.
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 No worries and music is very important for me as well.  What kind of hobbies do you think you will have in the new job?
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
