Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm here to ask and reflect with you for a thoughtful conversation. Reflecting on favorable experiences can have positive effects, too—
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Refreshing your outlook for 2020 and beyond can be very fulfilling! Here's how you might get a fres
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Great that you're the idea generator 💡 How did this come to life? Wow, think about how amazing and unique
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health and the human experience have great potential for positive outlooks. This idea you're reflecting on does help with
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's actually very insightful and reflective from the experience you have gained. This quote does help with mental health and human potential when applied properly
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There isn't a right answer when it comes to mental health and life balance, as it's deeply personal and varies from one individual to
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Absolutely agree with you there. What music and hobbies keep you happy and healthy is very much about personal exploration. Here'
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote about reading and original thoughts from John Nash, the brilliant mathematician with schizophrenia. It's
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
