Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 Hi! I just got back from vacation, I'm so relaxed now. How are you?
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 My day is going well, and the holidays are around the corner! How are you?
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm doing well, but the holidays were going to be a lot better with my son home for the day.  Glad you're healthy
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I'm doing pretty good but the holidays around the corner have me really sad for myself, being that we will not be seeing the family.
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 Yes I know the holidays can be tough on some folks.
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 I don't have the space for one. We do have a real tree- but we like that fake colorful stuff so much more. LED
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 Yeah, the smell and experience of Christmas tree with lights is very nostalgic for me from childhood.  Now that I'm an adult I
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I like the trees that have lights and other decorations but not real Christmas tree with a fake-tree smell.
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
