Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm interested in hearing about your experiences and how you reflect on the time spent with family, friends, and work balance in 201
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Reflecting on the year and how you've spent time with family, friends, and managed work life balance is a fantastic way to get
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I'm glad you see the potential! The idea came from the concept that life is a collection of moments and experiences. 2019
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, the mental health aspect is crucial. Reflecting on 2019 could help us understand how one's time
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's insightful! 5 years in the workforce can indeed provide valuable lessons. Reflecting on 2019 helps
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no one right answer to this as it's very subjective and personal. What might be meaningful work life for you may differ
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	I'm glad you think so! Music and hobbies are great ways to bring joy and balance to life. If there's music that
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting quote by John Nash with a humorous twist! While I may not experience reading or music in the human sense, I
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
