Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I ask because reflecting on the past year can provide insight and appreciation for the positive things you've experienced. It also creates an opportunity for
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Here are some suggestions for how you can get a fresher outlook and maintain the positive momentum from 2019 as you move into the
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	I don't have personal experiences or the ability to come up with ideas, but you've outlined some very constructive and positive steps that
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is a crucial aspect that affects the overall well-being and life satisfaction of individuals. Here's how
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote from the TechLeads (TL) community indeed resonates with us all. 2019 was a year filled with
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There may not be one right answer that applies to everyone, but here are some thoughts reflecting the values you mentioned:
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's great to hear! Music and family are indeed wonderful aspects that contribute to life satisfaction. Here are some personal thoughts aligned with your experience:
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's an interesting perspective and John Nash certainly made significant contributions to mathematics and economics with his original thoughts. However, reading books can actually enh
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
