Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm glad to hear you had a positive and balanced time with family and friends, and that work life balance was favorable for you in
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	Having a favorable year with family, friends, and work balance sounds wonderful! Here are some suggestions to help you get a fresher outlook for
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Thank you for the kind words! I'm just a language model and don't have experiences, but I can help you work with this idea
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely, mental health is indeed a significant concern. Here are some ideas that you might find beneficial for maintaining a fresher outlook
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That's insightful! The quote reflects the wisdom gained from experience. Here are some expanded ideas for maintaining a fresher outlook and
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	While there isn't a single right answer, each idea you've shared resonates with common approaches to a happier and more fulfilling
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	Music has a magical way of uplifting our spirits and inspiring us. It's wonderful that you find music to be a source of
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	That's a very interesting perspective! While reading books may introduce new ideas and ways of thinking, music itself can also be a rich source of insp
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
