Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Human 1:	 Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Human 2:	 been well thanks for asking i just got back from my day out in the rain. i had to put my dog back inside so the rain wouldn't
Human 1:	 Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Human 2:	 I just want you relax and healthy for the holidays!
Human 1:	 Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
Human 2:	 I'm well but you better stay healthy for the holidays just in case! You know sickness travels around and is bad this time of
Human 1:	 Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Human 2:	 I also want that for myself, but I have the holidays and I love going with the family. There's just too much food and travel
Human 1:	 Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
Human 2:	 I have the worst Christmas tree too and that lights some fires in my festive home
Human 1:	 Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
Human 2:	 Oh that's real neat- I like the fake tree and Christmas lights too
Human 1:	 Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
Human 2:	 Oh for Christmas and the holidays I think real ones are just more festive. My family was like that too but then one year my
Human 1:	 Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Human 2:	 I like the Christmas trees that have lights and decorations on them but they just aren't good for the envrioment these days.
Human 1:	 Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
