Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	 Why you have been very favorable for you this time and work life balance too
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	 The year was very hard for my family and friends but new year resolutions help with things too.
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	 Good things come when you work for it and ask with that attitude too
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	 Thats the great things you always have that one idea and it just comes out for you but how do you think this could work and help people?
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	 I think that's the first time you have actually answered this for me and now I agree with you! I guess when one does work hard we always
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	 I think that for you and many others mental health is very important, after work I feel the with me the time around here
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	 That's great and you stay happy too! What do you think the future of work life may hold for you?
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	 Yes there's this great new book that's about exploring the work life and not always looking at work like it is the only thing you do!
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
