Human 1:	 Hi!
Human 2:	 What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
Human 1:	 I normally don't reflect back too much on things, but i guess 2019 have been very favorable for me in terms of time spent with family and friends and work life balance. Why do you ask?
Human 2:	I'm interested in hearing about your experiences and how you reflect on life's events, even with favorable times. Sharing your reflections
Human 1:	 Great! Good idea to help people figuring out their new year resolutions 🙂 So how do i get a fresher outlook? 🙂
Human 2:	To get a fresher outlook for the new year and to reflect on how you've grown or what new resolutions you'd like to
Human 1:	 Wow! Sounds amazing if we practice that! I think the idea does have some potential. How did you come up with this idea?
Human 2:	Great idea for self-improvement and goal setting! I think the practice could help you with things like: 
Human 1:	 Thats great! This is valuable help for the community. I think mental health is one of the bigger challenges facing humanity.
Human 2:	Absolutely! Mental health is just one aspect that's crucial for overall well-being. Here are some potential benefits you and
Human 1:	 That is actually a quote stolen from my TL when i joined my first company after graduation. I guess now after 5 yrs of work experience, I fully agree with it 🙂
Human 2:	That quote actually comes from the 99designs community, and it resonates with many people striving for work-life balance and personal
Human 1:	 1. stay happy; I think family and friends play a big role here. 2. Meaningful work life; this may mean exploring around with new stuff 3. multiple hobbies that keep you busy ... so on 🙂 What about you? is there a right answer to this? :)
Human 2:	There's no one-size-fits-all answer to this, as personal and professional goals vary from one individual to another. However,
Human 1:	 Nice! That's very thoughtful and spiritual 🙂 Also music earned a spot 🙂 yay!
Human 2:	That's a great addition! Music and hobbies like the one you mentioned can indeed play a significant role in personal well-being and
Human 1:	 I am actually not much of a reader. I usually hide it by quoting john nash ~ reading books corrupts original thoughts 🙂
Human 2:	It's not about corrupting original thoughts, but reading and music are great ways to relax, learn new things, and stay inspired. They
Human 1:	 Hehe! True! It may turn out to be a best seller :)
